# Contributing to Plumeria

We truly value your interest in contributing to Plumeria! Your help is invaluable, and we're grateful for your efforts in improving this project. Here are some guidelines to get you started.

## Development Setup

Our project uses `pnpm`. Here's how you can set it up:

1. Clone the repository.
2. In the root directory, run `pnpm install` to install dependencies.
3. To check the test correctly, run `pnpm run test` to unit testing the necessary api.
4. If you make any modifications, please test your changes. We prefer new features to come with tests.
5. If you update any files under the `packages/` dir, don't forget to run `pnpm changeset`.

## Package Structure

- **@plumeria/compiler**: This package uses `@plumeria/utils` to compile Plumeria.
- **@plumeria/core**: This package is the core package that defines types only.
- **@plumeria/eslint-plugin**: This package contains the eslint rules to keep Plumeria code clean.
- **@plumeria/next-plugin**: This package contains the Next.js plugin for integrating Plumeria.
- **@plumeria/postcss-plugin**: This package contains `@plumeria/compiler` for integrating Next.js with Plumeria.
- **@plumeria/turbopack-loader**: This package contains the Turbopack loader for integrating Plumeria.
- **@plumeria/utils**: This package contains the style parse and transform utils functions.
- **@plumeria/vite-plugin**: This package contains the Vite plugin for integrating Plumeria.
- **@plumeria/webpack-plugin**: This package contains the Webpack plugin for integrating Plumeria.

## Adding a changeset

Versioning uses [changesets](https://github.com/changesets/changesets).  
Don't forget to generate a changeset if you make changes to packages.

You can generate a changeset using the following command.

```sh
pnpm changeset
```

Also commit the `.md` file generated by hitting the command.
